Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to use
character as a reference as you can see
and create multiple angle from this
character. Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first go here the
computer portal.
Okay, run it from GPU.
Okay, go to plates. Okay, for now I'm
going to use this model. One click
multiple character angles only add
character.
It's adjusted on the all the angles.
Okay, it's right there. Okay, for this
model you must download those loras.
Okay, we can download by clicking right
here from download and the download link
is begin or you can copy and add it to
the red table manager
and press add your hit. Okay, and start
downloading.
Okay, the second one make the same
thing.
at your Okay.
Okay. Pause the video right now.
Download those files and return to
complete the video.
Uh, okay. The downloading is finished.
Okay, this is my two files. Uh, let's
put it l
queen
multiple angles. Okay,
let's return here to my eye portal
world. Open it.
Go down. Search for modus. After moist,
search for lores.
Okay. Select both of them and put it
right after those files. Now return
right here and reload the page.
Uh, okay. Fine.
Uh this is my model. Uh when I use the
screen image edit model and leaders.
Okay,
we can upload your character right here
white angle.
Let it and after all my reference there
endless eight angles. Okay, that's I
want to use
Google for this.
Okay, where is Google? This
and hit run.
Uh, okay,
that's fine.
We are finished creating uh our multiple
characters angular.
Okay, we have eight angles.
It takes around 8 minutes to create the
bones eight angles from this character
Goku.